Add a basic PlatformIO page (#51)
V1EngineeringInc/V1EngineeringInc-Docs: docs/learn/platformio.md

### Install 1 - VS Code

The first step is to install Microsoft Visual Studio Code. This is **cross platform** and it is a very simple, yet powerful tool. I have used this for a while as my text editor for programming / coding. Previously I tried Atom and Notepad++, this has been more intuitive for me.
Install [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) on your machine. Download the appropriate version from this link [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), and follow the prompts. This part should be fairly simple and staright forward. 

### Install 2 - PlatformIO

PLatformIO is actually and "Extension" for VS Code. To install PlatformIO you click on the broken block icon on the left side of VSCODE shown here highlighted.

![!VS Code Extension](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/Extension.jpg){: width="400"}

This will pop up a search window. Type in "PlatformIO". It should be the first result, now just click the green install button.

Now the difficult part....you have to wait for it to finish. It can take up to 15 minutes on an older machine.

![!VS Code Waiting](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/Still_installing.jpg){: width="400"}

> At the very bottom of the VS Code window you will see a purple bar and the installing icon and message, touch nothing while it works. When it is done it will pop up a restart button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the very bottom of the VS Code window you will see a purple bar and the installing icon and message, *don't touch anything* while it works. When it is done it will pop up a restart button.
```

### Install 2 - PlatformIO

PLatformIO is actually and "Extension" for VS Code. To install PlatformIO you click on the broken block icon on the left side of VSCODE shown here highlighted.

![!VS Code Extension](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/Extension.jpg){: width="400"}

This will pop up a search window. Type in "PlatformIO". It should be the first result, now just click the green install button.

Now the difficult part....you have to wait for it to finish. It can take up to 15 minutes on an older machine.

![!VS Code Waiting](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/Still_installing.jpg){: width="400"}

At the very bottom of the VS Code window you will see a purple bar and the installing icon and message, touch nothing while it works. When it is done it will pop up a restart button.

![!VS Code restart](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/restart.jpg){: width="400"}

Congratulations you are done with the "hard part"!

---

## Using PlatformIO

Once you have PlatformIO installed there is really nothing else that needs to be added. Now you can load your firmware of choice and flash or compile.

### Load Your Firmware

> You should already have downloaded and **Unzipped** the firmware for your board. If you are unsure of that step have a look [here](../electronics/marlin-firmware.md).

Reviewer: Is there a particular section you'd like to link to here? Or just shooting for the top?

In the top left of the VS Code window select "File", then "Open Folder".

![!VS Code Open Folder](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/open-folder.png){: width="400"}

You can select the entire folder you have unzipped. If that is unclear - You need the entire folder that contains "platformio.ini" and the "marlin" folder. Here is a picture of what that looks like. The name will vary as the versions progress, bugfix 2.0.x is another common one.

![!VS Code Folder](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/folder-selected.jpg){: width="400"}

One you open that folder it will show in the window and look very similar to the picture below. **Notice** at the very bottom, the blue banner shows a "Index Rebuild" icon let that finish before moving to the next step.

![!VS Code Folder Open](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/folder-open.jpg){: width="400"}

### Build

> At this point it is ready to go. Most boards can be plugged in a "flashed"  or some boards just want you to compile the firmware and load it onto an SD card. Only the last step differs.

Reviewer: `Most boards can be plugged in *and* flashed`?

Maybe it's just my perspective, but I kind of think they aren't ready until it has been built, with many potential problems showing up when you try to build. Honestly, I think it would be clearer if this whole paragraph was removed.

Hit the check mark to build (or compile) the firmware. Most items will say "ignored" as it only builds for the one specified board.

![!VS Code Compile](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/build.png){: width="400"}

At this point you should get a message that says "1 succeeded". If you do not the firmwre has build issues and they need to be resolved. 

The next step is to get it onto you board, or if you are sharing your firmware you can skip to the Compile step.

> **Flashing** (most common)

Reviewer: Do we need to mention anything about which board supports flashing and which ones support using the .bin file? 

The SKR board was much easier to flash by copying the .bin file over, and obviously the atmega boards need to be flashed. If you enabled the SD card support for the SKR, then it wouldn't actually be able to flash it from platformio.

> You do not need to select a com port as in Arduino, just plug in your board and it should be recognized even USB card based boards. Then and hit the right arrow (1) button and wait for it to transfer.

Reviewer: I think there must be a right arrow emoji.

![!VS Code Flash](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/uploaded_done.png){: width="400"}

When you see (2) "1 succeeded", and you are DONE and the board is ready to use!! If you do not see that there are board connection issues.

> **Compile to file**

Reviewer: The word "compile" here is tripping my OCD. It compiled it as part of the build step (and then, it linked it, or archived it, creating the bin).

I would change this title to "Saving the Binary" or "Saving the Firmware Binary".

> If you are trying to share your precompiled firmware, this step is actually already done. You simply need to locate the file that was created during the build. This file should be inside a folder in the previously mentioned Marlin folder that was unzipped, in a folder titled ".pio", then build, then a folder named after your board type. 

Reviewer: An example filename would really help here.
